hi my name is christina and i am a wagon
hair specialist and i'm here to talk to
you today about the benefits of human
hair over synthetic and vice versa one
of the benefits of the human hair is
that you can style it with a flat iron
curling iron and that sort of thing
we're with the synthetic you cannot use
any heat no curling iron flat iron the
style that the synthetic comes in is the
style that you get also with our human
hair we use one hundred percent remy
Italian hair it's the finest hair that
you can buy and our caps are made
especially to be the most
natural-looking cap the inside is all
hand tied and the top as you can see
looks just like the scalp so they're
made of the highest-quality human hair
that you can buy and they are the most
natural-looking human hair piece on the
market also with the synthetic there is
one benefit especially for women that
are going through chemotherapy the
synthetic they keep their style so no
matter if you wear it everyday or you
wash it all you have to do is shake it
out put it on a a head like this or
there's also plastic stands as you can
use and shake it out and put it
overnight to dry and the next day you
shake it out and you put it on and
you're ready to go so there's really no
maintenance with the synthetic and with
our synthetic they also have the scalp
like top so that they look and feel very
natural they're made of very high
quality synthetic fibers and they're
very very beautiful so either choice is
a good choice it just depends on your
thoughts and feelings about which you
would prefer um thank you very much